Add CHANGELOG for v0.23 (#149)
turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-thrifty: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.23 [2023-07-13]

_Bug fixes_

> - Fixed the inline query of the `multiple_global_trails` control to remove duplicate rows of identical multi region cloudtrail. ([#141](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-thrifty/pull/141))
> - Fixed the inline query of the `multiple_global_trails` control to use the correct common dimensions. ([#147](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-thrifty/pull/147))
> - Fixed the inline query of the `ebs_snapshot_max_age` control to correctly list out the old EBS snapshots that should be deleted if not required. ([#147](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-thrifty/pull/147))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the inline query of the `multiple_global_trails` control to remove redundant global trails when organization trails are in use. ([#141](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-thrifty/pull/141))
- Fixed the inline query of the `ebs_snapshot_max_age` control to correctly list out the old EBS snapshots that should be deleted if not required. ([#147](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-thrifty/pull/147))
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
